README.md, before:

Simple exploration into using Electron to build a browser.

The code uses examples from many different places, but the foundation was started from a set of posts from Paul Frazee:

* http://pfraze.github.io/2015/09/08/building-electron-browser-pt1.html
* https://github.com/pfraze/electron-browser

## Build

### Dependencies

```
brew install node --with-full-icu
npm install --global gulp-cli
```

Everytime update from the git repository you may need to install or update any new node dependencies:
```
npm install
```

### Tasks

The following `gulp` tasks are implemented.

* `run` - Runs the build. Builds the client/renderer code via webpack in `production` mode. Should be rather similar to a packaged build.
* `run-dev` - Runs the build in `development` with hot module reloading via webpack.
* `package` - Creates a distributable package. **Currently broken**. But closer to working.

The following tasks will most likely not need to be used externally, but as dependencies.

* `electron-download` - Downloads a target of electron to use. Should automatically be called after the first `npm install`, so shouldn't be needed.
* `clean-package` - Removes `./dist` directory.
* `build` - Builds the client/renderer code.
* `build-dev` - Builds the client/renderer code in development mode.

## Testing

Currently just eslint tests.

```
npm test
```

## License

Commit message:

Proposed Code of Conduct
Adapted from The Rust Code of Conduct [1] which is based on the Citizen Code
of Conduct [2], the Node.js Policy on Trolling [3] and the Contributor
Covenant [4].

[1]: https://www.rust-lang.org/conduct.html
[2]: http://citizencodeofconduct.org
[3]: http://blog.izs.me/post/30036893703/policy-on-trolling
[4]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/

Signed-off-by: Joe Walker <jwalker@mozilla.com>

README.md, after:

Simple exploration into using Electron to build a browser.

The code uses examples from many different places, but the foundation was started from a set of posts from Paul Frazee:

* http://pfraze.github.io/2015/09/08/building-electron-browser-pt1.html
* https://github.com/pfraze/electron-browser

## Build

### Dependencies

```
brew install node --with-full-icu
npm install --global gulp-cli
```

Everytime update from the git repository you may need to install or update any new node dependencies:
```
npm install
```

### Tasks

The following `gulp` tasks are implemented.

* `run` - Runs the build. Builds the client/renderer code via webpack in `production` mode. Should be rather similar to a packaged build.
* `run-dev` - Runs the build in `development` with hot module reloading via webpack.
* `package` - Creates a distributable package. **Currently broken**. But closer to working.

The following tasks will most likely not need to be used externally, but as dependencies.

* `electron-download` - Downloads a target of electron to use. Should automatically be called after the first `npm install`, so shouldn't be needed.
* `clean-package` - Removes `./dist` directory.
* `build` - Builds the client/renderer code.
* `build-dev` - Builds the client/renderer code in development mode.

## Testing

Currently just eslint tests.

```
npm test
```

## Contributing

Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct.
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.



## License
